Things we need for a the board: 
The board needs to look like the photo attached in the email. Let me know if you need a different file type. 
There needs to be four pieces that can be moved by clicking the piece and then clicking the box it should move to (we have large dice they will roll so that does not need to be part of it). They should all start in the go square.The four pieces include 
Silver surfer/surf board 
Teal evergreen tree
Orange top hat 
Light blue rubber duck 
A way to place a hotel on each square in the team’s that owns it color 
A bank count that all teams start at $1500 and cash can be manually added or taken away 


Below are the actual rules to help visualize anything you may be confused on. 



Welcome to
Resident Assistant Training
2026-2027

How it works: 
Each area must choose a company name. Their color and game piece have been previously chosen by their hall director.
Each team will be given $1500 at the start of training in their set areas money. 
On the game board, each square will represent a session or information learned in training. 
At the end of the session, there will be an opportunity for a team to buy a square. The highest bid (starting from $10) will then be asked a question based on the session. No matter if they get it right or not, they must pay what they bid. If they get it correctly, they get to place a hotel on the square and keep what they bid. If they get it wrong, the next highest bid gets a chance to answer the question and the first  team does not get their bid back. This process will continue until it is answered correctly. If no team answers it correctly, no team gets a hotel on the space. 
Each morning and after lunch, the teams will roll two dice which will determine how many spaces they will move on the board. 
If they roll doubles, they will move their piece and roll again. If they roll doubles again, they will do this once more. If they roll doubles a third time, they will go to jail. 
Each square on the gameboard represents a different action. 
Streets - If a team lands on a street, they will either pay rent to the bank or the team that owns it. 
Railroads - If a team lands on a railroad, they will either pay rent to the bank or the team that owns it. 
Electric Company /Water Works- If a team lands on a utility square, they will either pay rent to the bank or the team that owns it. Rent cost is determined by rolling the dice. If the owner has 1 utility space, rent is 4 times the roll. If the owner owns 2 utility specs, rent is 10 times the roll. 
Chance - If a team lands on a Chance space, they must follow the cards instructions. 
Community Chest - If a team lands on a Community Chest Space, they will draw a card and must choose between two options. (Example: $200 in Monopoly cash or Bloedows the next morning) 
GO - Each time a team passes over the GO square, they will collect $200 from the bank. 
Luxury Tax - Pay the bank the amount shown on the space.  
Income Tax - Pay the bank the amount shown on the space.  
Free Parking - Nothing happens! Just relax! 
Go to Jail - Move your token immediately to jail. 
Just Visiting / In Jail - If you land here, just stay in the just visiting section. If you are sent here by the jailer, your turn is over. You can still collect rent and bid, you just cannot collect your $200 for GO. 
Deals and Trades
You can buy, sell, or swap streets with other players at any time if approved by the banker. 
High End Hall Directors 
Each Hall Director will have 8 $50 bills. Throughout training, if they see an RA going above and beyond, they can reward that team with $50. They can only give money to other teams though. They cannot give it to their own team. 
Team Builders 
For team builders where there can be defined places, cash will be awarded based on placement. (1st - $100, 2nd - $75, 3rd - $50, 4th - $25)
There will be teambuilders that do not involve competition and do not bring any benefit to the Monopoly aspect of training. 
Can’t pay? Here are some tips!
Try and raise money by selling properties to other teams or to the bank for half the original price. 
Ways to Win 
The number of hotels you have at the end of training will determine your starting place for the Res Life Cup. 
The remaining cash you have will be able to be exchanged for different prizes announced at the end of training. 
PLEASE NOTE - Some aspects are different from the board game for our purpose! There are no title deeds. Rent stays the same throughout the game based on what it says on the board.  There are no houses, only hotels. You cannot mortgage your buildings.



End of Training Prizes





